You have completed Lesson One,
Where Does SCM Fit in?
In this section, you have been reminded
of what Supply Chain Management involves
and the advantages of a well coordinated supply chain.
More importantly, you have discovered
that the ultimate goal
of any effective supply chain management system
is to reduce inventory while making sure
that products are available when needed.
As a result, the demand for product will determine
the supply levels.
You have learned the difference between goods and services,
as well as how SCM is used throughout the supply chain
to predict fluctuating demand, reduce costs
and improve customer service.
Now let's move on to the importance of logistics.